In this lecture, we will add the mockito
dependency to a new mockito scrapbook
project and also will create the test
class for class A will implement the
actual test methods and mocking in the
next lecture.To do that right click on
the mockito project and say new folder will be
will be creating a lib folder to which will copy the
mockitojar hit finish go to the order processing service under
the lib folder copy the mockito jar from here paste it
under the new lib folder under our new
project we have the job here now so
added to the classpath right click on
the project go to properties go to the
library staff add Jars
browse to the lib folder select the jar
click OK it ok again we have mockito
now on the classpath to create a new
test case junit test case right click on class A
say new junit test case the only thing we need
to change here as you know by now is
change the folder source folder from SRC
to test click finish and we have our
default test case here we implement our
tests in the next lecture by mocking out
class B